      The article examines the phenomenon of latitudinal expansion in Cenozoic-age shelled marine invertebrates. Intuition would tell us that organisms tend to follow their preferred climatic conditions as they shift through time; hypothetically periods of global warming or cooling would be reflected in the geographic ranges of taxa in the fossil record. Andrew and his coauthor decided to look into how true this hypothesis really was by asking four questions—did this trend last the whole Cenozoic? Was it due to actual movement of the taxa, or just their ranges expanding with time? Do these shifts coincide with major Cenozoic climate events, or do they proceed at a constant rate over the past 66 million years? To get a sense of the real behavior of the data, Andrew and co. sampled the available PaleoDB occurrences with replacement and analyzed using basic niche concepts like peak abundance and tolerance. 	As an aspiring researcher, I find the hardest part of even contemplating scientific study is alighting on and articulating a clear question. I especially liked the paper’s introductory questions, as they provided the overall structure of the paper and set its objectives. Without those objectives, the descriptions of the procedure would have lacked context and the conclusions would have been groundless. I also liked the authors’ explanations of their results at various points during the paper. Had they confined these parts to their analysis, I at least would have had trouble following their reasoning. This does technically contradict the conventions of scientific writing, where analysis should be confined to the end of a paper, but I appreciated the reorganization.      Articles based in statistical or mathematical reasoning are, admittedly, harder to write than those reporting observed findings. Consequently, this paper was tough to read regardless of the explanations scattered throughout, as comprehension was slowed by the need to stop and fully grasp various mathematical procedures before continuing. This is hardly due to the paper’s own writing and structure, but rather to my own unfamiliarity with the statistical practices being used.  I’m not sure this was the best reading to assign directly after the lecture on this subject; had we been given a better, more thorough overview, I likely would have gained more from this reading.             The paper addressed most of the questions laid out in the introduction, but didn’t much touch on their results’ correlation (or absence thereof) with Cenozoic climate trends. The authors do show that the plots are virtually identical regardless of climate transitions (who’da thunk the PETM and EOB would match so well?) but me being a bit of a paleoclimate buff, I’d have appreciated a more in-depth, epoch-by-epoch breakdown of how the statistically-manipulated data stack up against, well, the stacks. I can recall in previous geology classes that poleward expansion of tropical taxa was a surefire indicator of hothouse conditions (such as the Permo-Triassic or Cretaceous). How drastic, then, does this shift need to be for causation to be clear? Do we see a similar degree of conservatism in these paleoclimate scenarios? Is aridity a better force on taxa migration that heat?        It was difficult at times to connect the text with the accompanying graph or chart. So, it was sometimes hard to visualize the conclusions being described in the paper, as the figures were grouped together and not necessarily by their matching discussion in the paper. Figures 1, 2 and 5 all stood on their own, and Figure 1 especially helped me to visualize how spatial distributions were translated into numerical data (i.e. Max, Opt and Tol). Figure 2 was a bit tougher to parse, due to the fact that it was mostly a chart arrangement of data that I didn’t understand. The graphical arrangement of the latitudinal occurrences was very illustrative, and helped me to better understand the concepts expressed as a bell curve in Fig.1. It also helped me connect the text to Figures 3 and 4, and to better understand why the authors had little to say about epoch-to-epoch variation in taxa’s ranges.   